$1 lightsaber all the way to a $2,500
lightsaber starting with the $1 actually
have to inflate it first does this make
you feel like a true Jedi
Master feel like I'm fine for $10 you
get proper thick plastic it's
retractable so you can go like this and
you can go like this and of course LEDs
every single time the saber makes
contact it changes color huh but it
takes $100 to get something that looks
like it could do real damage the
attention to detail is way higher it's
got inbuilt motion sensors which play
sound as you swing at $500 then this is
metal wo this is responsive to a whole
of level I feel like I could take on the
dark side myself oh nearly the
$25,000 saber though leavs that one in
the dust this is an actual spinning
kyber Crystal plus an LCD display at its
core it figures out exactly how fast
it's moving and adjusts it sound
accordingly I ripped him in half and
that's how it done